SC 2.2.2: Update Note 5 to give full understanding doc name and link (#697)
w3c/wcag2ict: comments-by-guideline-and-success-criterion.md

An animation that occurs as part of a preload phase or similar situation can be considered essential if interaction cannot occur during that phase for all users and if not indicating progress could confuse users or cause them to think that content was frozen or broken.</div>
<div class="note  wcag2ict">
    

> While the success criterion uses the term “information”, the WCAG 2 [Intent from Understanding Success Criterion 2.2.2](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/pause-stop-hide#intent) makes it clear that this is to be applied to all content. Any [content](#content-on-and-off-the-web), whether informative or decorative, that is updated automatically, blinks, or moves may create an accessibility barrier.</div>

Author: ```suggestion
While the success criterion uses the term “information”, the WCAG 2 [Intent from Understanding Success Criterion 2.2.2](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/pause-stop-hide#intent) makes it clear that this is to be applied to all content. Any [content](#content-on-and-off-the-web), even if just decorative, that is updated automatically, blinks, or moves may create an accessibility barrier.</div>
```
